[Music]
welcome to another episode of 7-minute
marketing with Pam my name is Pam dinner
I love sharing a little dose of b2b
digital content marketing and sales
enablement in seven minutes at a time
and Henley the author of the popular
book everybody writes shared her journey
of creating content in her own backyard
also known as her website during content
marketing world here is a little
background about her keynote she wrote
two books and is poletik
in providing content in popular
publishing sites from aim to Forbes for
her website is like a Content ghost town
so one of her followers say to her what
gives and so she took on that challenge
started creating content and doing email
marketing to engage with her followers
email marketing huh and welcome to the
dark side she talked about her journey
and learning about getting subscribers
one of her key learning is to write for
the audience of one
she used Warren Buffett as an example
Warren's annual letter to investors is
widely read by millions of people he
shared that he writes that letter with
his sister Doris in mind
he said that Doris is very smart and a
voracious reader but she doesn't
understand finance dragons and the
complex economic trends Warren make sure
that he writes in a way that Doris can
understand he also injects humor into
the letter to get Doris to laugh that is
so sweet so an follow the same approach
she tried to write with her Doris in
mind and I love this story sure by an if
you think about it most of us in the b2b
marketing world have biased personas in
mind we try to craft our messaging and a
content to our personas we are doing
what Ann was talking about to some
extent but can we be even more focused
and write a content with one person in
mind
will that make
more compelling and personable possibly
humanize our brands or even our products
her talk made me think about my own
email marketing I don't send out email
on a regular basis I send out email when
I have something to say but I am very
businesslike
I share my blog posts podcast episodes
or whatnot so I'm thinking can I write
my email with intention of one specific
marketing manager in an effort to be
more relatable I'm going to take on that
approach moving forward
I'll keep you posted on how that goes
and I just want to say an thank you so
much for sharing your journey I'm now
trying to find my own doors so if you
are trying to write with only one person
in mind please keep me posted about your
journey and experience
hashtag finding your doors
I would love to hear about it and I bet
so with Han so now send me your
marketing questions or thoughts via
Twitter at Pam dinner keep hustling my
friends you got this
[Music]